# Menu
menu.border.color: #2d2d2d

menu.title.bg: flat solid
menu.title.bg.color: #2d2d2d
menu.title.text.color: #ededed
menu.title.text.justify: center

menu.items.bg: flat solid
menu.items.bg.color: #2d2d2d
menu.items.text.color: #ededed
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #888888

menu.items.active.bg: flat solid
menu.items.active.bg.color: #00a7fc
menu.items.active.text.color: #f9f9f9

menu.separator.color: #262626
menu.separator.width: 1
menu.separator.padding.width: 2
menu.separator.padding.height: 4


# Active window
window.active.border.color: #484848

window.active.title.bg: flat solid
window.active.title.bg.color: #2d2d2d
window.active.title.separator.color: #2d2d2d
window.active.text.justify: center

window.active.label.bg: parentrelative
window.active.label.text.color: #ededed

window.active.handle.bg: flat solid
window.active.handle.bg.color: #2d2d2d

window.active.grip.bg: flat solid
window.active.grip.bg.color: #2d2d2d

window.active.button.unpressed.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.unpressed.bg.color: #2d2d2d
window.active.button.unpressed.image.color: #ededed

window.active.button.pressed.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.pressed.bg.color: #2d2d2d
window.active.button.pressed.image.color: #00a7fc

window.active.button.disabled.bg: flat solid
window.active.button.disabled.bg.color: #2d2d2d
window.active.button.disabled.image.color: #888888


# Inactive window
window.inactive.border.color: #393939

window.inactive.title.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #2d2d2d
window.inactive.title.separator.color: #2d2d2d
window.inactive.text.justify: center

window.inactive.label.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.label.text.color: #888888

window.inactive.handle.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #2d2d2d

window.inactive.grip.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.grip.bg.color: #2d2d2d

window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.unpressed.bg.color: #2d2d2d
window.inactive.button.unpressed.image.color: #888888

window.inactive.button.pressed.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.pressed.bg.color: #2d2d2d
window.inactive.button.pressed.image.color: #00a7fc

window.inactive.button.disabled.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.button.disabled.bg.color: #2d2d2d
window.inactive.button.disabled.image.color: #888888


# OSD
osd.border.width: 1
osd.border.color: #2d2d2d

osd.bg: flat solid
osd.bg.color: #dedede

osd.label.bg: flat solid
osd.label.bg.color: #dedede
osd.label.text.color: #555555

osd.hilight.bg: flat solid
osd.hilight.bg.color: #0794EF

osd.unhilight.bg: flat solid
osd.unhilight.bg.color: #888888

osd.button.unpressed.bg: flat border 
osd.button.unpressed.bg.color: #f0f0f0
osd.button.unpressed.*.border.color: #b2b2b2

osd.button.pressed.bg: flat border 
osd.button.pressed.bg.color: #d3d3d3
osd.button.pressed.*.border.color: #b2b2b2

osd.button.focused.bg: flat solid border 
osd.button.focused.bg.color: #f0f0f0
osd.button.focused.*.border.color: #9c9c9c

osd.button.focused.box.color: #00a7fc


# Fonts
window.active.label.text.font:shadow=n
window.inactive.label.text.font:shadow=n
menu.items.font:shadow=n
menu.title.text.font:shadow=n


# Everything else
border.width: 1
padding.width: 8
padding.height: 4
window.handle.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.label.text.justify: center
